Oh hold on everyone it's brittany and
today i am having a bad hair day hence
the no yesterday I asked you guys on
Instagram what video you would like to
see and a lot of people said hall and
it's perfect because I recently have
acquired some stuff this month since my
last hop so it is close of it it's not
clothes a little bit of makeup like one
thing so let's just get started first
item I am sorry that you probably not
going to be able to see what I'm talking
about but hopefully you can see it on my
lips I broke my camera in my last video
I broke the lens and only use auto focus
I don't like autofocus I'm going to buy
a new lens but if you look up 70
35-millimeter lenses they are rather
expensive the first item is lime crime
and its color wicked I have sweet berry
and red velvet they're my favorite ones
because they are just super long-lasting
the Velveteen formula it's amazing it's
absolutely my favorite I also ordered
the black velvet but I haven't got it
yet next let's go into more of the
clothing a part of this hall I ordered
from Muffy wholesale I've never
purchased from them before it has all
the same stuff she inside and wrongly
does I've noticed and a little bit more
but about half the price first thing I
guess it's just this romper I definitely
should actually include a full body shot
of this robber because it is really cute
and you can probably only see the top
right now like floral loose flowy
Romberg i think it was about fourteen
dollars and it definitely looks like
zara material it looks like it could be
in a 60w robber next i am also currently
wearing does not go with my rubber but
goes with my mood these are like little
panda
first they have them in about Sherman
colors but I went with the most neutral
color they had I think there are about
nine dollars really comfortable have to
admit next I got this little fishnet
skirt I got it because I saw gen poum
Close Encounters wearing it I don't
remember in which video but i think it
was about seven dollars it is slightly
tight i would order up a size but for
seven dollars and is really really cute
I got this definitely fake prada clutch
it just has like lips on it and that it
does say product in here it has straps
and stuff I haven't used this purse yet
yup say it God have a smell like a
factory smoke anyone it's like oh it's a
product that's that's prada it is rather
than expected i think under fifteen
dollars next purse i bought is a pug
purse because as you know i love pugs
too much again this was really well
priced I want I feel like you're
slurping and I was round nine dollars
everything was under fifteen dollars
issues I think we're about sixteen
dollars and they're kind of dirty I've
already warned them i noticed that dirt
does like to stick to this kind of foam
bottom but these aren't you really
comfortable I wore these i would say 48
hours one day and I didn't have any
issues and I'm really picky I really
high arches I do suggest these these are
just kind of like healed wedge sandals
last I know yeah well lovely wholesale
is this french fry purse don't think
this is based off of real purse that
Massimo did I think that's how you say
the designers name Massimo it just has
just kind of chain that Chanel purses
kind of have and then I just an info
french fries I know kind of a Corky
purse but I really enjoyed wearing it
okay I think my camera died whoops next
I got a bunch of detox tea and the kind
i got is the skinny teapot I got the
14-day mint and the regular one the
chocolate energy to give you can
actually see it look how cute bitches
and it gets called steeping when you put
the loose leaf tea and because all of
these are loose leaf teas and you just
kind of put in here so you don't
actually drink the tea and stuff when
you drink the tea it makes no sense so
we haven't heard of a t.t talks or a
detox pretty much is what it is it's
just to get anything sitting inside your
body and he talks into anything and
flush it out not to be too high or
anything it can help you lose weight I
wouldn't use it strictly to this way it
may help you lose like a couple of
pounds anything more than a couple of
comments isn't healthy in general for
two weeks it's better to do things
gradually but you know you lose
unhealthy weight anything kind of
sitting around I saw a bunch of
before-and-afters which got me really
excited about it mostly you can tell
that it was just like if they had any
bloating it would really get rid of
bloating and I feel like every girl has
uploaded problem sometimes on a
different note I wanted to talk to you
guys about something I've been hearing a
lot I've heard daily breaks my lover
talk about a gregorygorgeous and I've
seen Laura Elizabeth so many people talk
about if you need outpost so I tried it
I tried it probably two weeks ago they
ask you basic information
then you go in and they survey you they
send you emails to gmail and I notice
they go into what you call it they go
into the promotions tab I just checked I
took another survey I haven't received
any of the gift cards you can with cash
and amazon gift cards and iTunes gift
cards I personally have done it but I've
only taken one text at all these people
talking about it I'm really interested
if you guys have like one anything from
there anything I know that they have a
quarterly $10,000 giveaway you do
surveys that's like what entry and you
can enter as many times as you want but
the surveys are really easy and in mine
asked me about my occupation did one
about movies but I put this one's about
food and TV show and TV show do you get
your TV shows my camera keeps stopping
recording it's really weird but yeah if
you haven't heard of opinion outpost i
will put a link in the description it's
free to join and maybe you'll be with
the local people to win ten thousand
dollars I think that's everything I had
to share with you guys I feel like our
rambled a lot in this video but maybe
that's because I haven't really sat down
and talked to you guys in a while most
of my videos recently have been non
talking I miss you guys but I'm the hue
enjoyed today's video and i will see you
every day on the bottom channel ye oh
that's kind of cute right is that cute
are we cute
oh this is our double oh seven dude